
Hello.
Thanks for your job posting.
 I am a Machine Vision Expert.
I am very familiar with Deep learning APIs such as Tensorflow, TensorflowLite, TfLearn, Keras, Pytorch, and fastai, mxnet.
I have good hands-on working with Advanced R and Python and BI tools and technologies, AI, Big Data.
I have quite a good knowledge of DL/ML Algorithm, have also developed Dashboards and Web Applications using flask/Django.
My area of expertise is building Image Processing, Speech Recognition and building models for the food, healthcare, and telecom sector, Classification/Prediction/Clustering, NLP and Chatbots.
I usually using many techniques and libraries, frameworks such as TensorFlow, tesseract, machine learning such as CNN, DNN, FCRN, SVN etc., and I am generally not attached to programming language in working. (C++, C#, Linux, Python, Java, Android, RasPi ....)
Specifically, I have worked for a long on machine learning and deep learning, including computer Vision and natural language processing, and model building.
I understand the project requirement and will deliver the desired product within the time specified.

I am an individual contractor, not an agency.
I think i am aware of your project in detail.
Thanks for your job posting.




Camera Processing.

	----- I am a expert in Camera/Image Processing ----
	Hello, I have 7 years experience of computer vision and machine learning.
So i have full skills and experience of this field, and have developed a lot of projects such as Facial detection and recognition, object detection and recognition, Vehicle detection and counting, Captcha, OCR, Card recognition, Pose detection and people counting, ROS, APLR, Person tracking, Fruit detection and counting, Logo detection and so on with Tensorflow, pyTorch, torch, Keras, caffe and darknet.
And i am good with python, C/C++, Java and Opencv
So i can make perfect result for you in time.
Please let me discuss about more detail.
Best regards.

You would be satisfied with my progress on your project, as client satisfaction is my top duty and my responsibility is to do my best to finish this job earlier ahead of the appointed time.
To start the work, it is necessary to discuss further over chat. 
My expertise and experience are engaging for many things from quality of work and delivery to fast communication and long-term technical support, to develop your project and business.

https://sendgb.com/A4MP9xDavSb

https://sendgb.com/cNvg2x1Kf9k

Vishal +91 88833 28147
Ajish +91 88701 57009
Dinesh +91 99428 61007 (Docker)
